# ANS Report 20260213_210213

Summary: Incidents: 3
- memory_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The obj
- audit_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The obj
- api_health: score=55 ok=False
Actions: 4
- restart_scheduler: triggered
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that 
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that 
- install_optional_deps: installed pytesseract

## Diagnóstico (cerebro)
3 incidentes, 4 acciones. Causas raíz: 0.
### Recomendaciones
- Algunos heals están bloqueados. Revisar GOVERNANCE_MODE=growth o SAFE_HEALS.

## Incidents
- [med] memory_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 37420 and this is thread id 37304.
- [med] audit_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 32456 and this is thread id 37304.
- [high] api_health: score=55 ok=False

## Actions
- restart_scheduler: triggered
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 32456 and this is thread id 34468.
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 32456 and this is thread id 34468.
- install_optional_deps: installed pytesseract