# ANS Report 20260213_202057

Summary: Incidents: 4
- deps_health: missing=['pytesseract', 'tesseract']
- api_health: score=40 ok=False
- memory_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The obj
- audit_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The obj
Actions: 3
- restart_scheduler: triggered
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that 
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that 

## Diagnóstico (cerebro)
4 incidentes, 3 acciones. Causas raíz: 0.
### Recomendaciones
- Algunos heals están bloqueados. Revisar GOVERNANCE_MODE=growth o SAFE_HEALS.

## Incidents
- [med] deps_health: missing=['pytesseract', 'tesseract']
- [high] api_health: score=40 ok=False
- [med] memory_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 34672 and this is thread id 33096.
- [med] audit_health: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 20048 and this is thread id 33096.

## Actions
- restart_scheduler: triggered
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 20048 and this is thread id 33096.
- clear_stale_locks: SQLite objects created in a thread can only be used in that same thread. The object was created in thread id 20048 and this is thread id 33096.